question -- how are you
statement -- to get the the crimson isles, first go to the spiders den
question -- what are you doing
statement -- only youtubers get new mics
question -- is hydar going on
statement -- these headphones aren't new
question -- why are you doing that
statement -- everyone uses the jadg, it's really common
question -- what are you on
statement -- never got an m1k actually
question -- are cows red?
statement -- A fully maxed black hornet
question -- where is the stem
statement -- I will be done with this eventually
question -- what happened to hyauctions
statement -- Hyauctions cannot solve your problems.
question -- where did hydar go
statement -- I have blessing 5 and caster 6 on my rod
question -- when do we leave
statement -- I met you at the spiders den
question -- arent papers white
statement -- I knew I forgot something
question -- did you schedule the appointment
statement -- most paper is actually black
question -- where have we met
statement -- we leave at about 1:00
question -- what enchants do you have
statement -- hydar is always there and always will be there
question -- cant hyauctions do that or no
statement -- hyauctions is still there it's just sus
question -- will you ever finish
statement -- plants don't have stems
question -- whats your hornet like
statement -- cows are blue, actually
question -- you have an m1k?
statement -- you aren't supposed to ask that
question -- who uses the jagd tho
statement -- i dont know
question -- did you get new headphones?
statement -- hydar is happening all the time
question -- is that a new mic?
statement -- im typing sentences right now
question -- where the hell is the crimson isles
statement -- im fine
question -- is hyauctions hydar?
question -- is hydar?
question -- is hydar still cool?
question -- was hyauctions ever cool?
question -- will hyauctions ever be cool?
statement -- i will go to the party
statement -- i will not go to the party
statement -- i think that hydar
statement -- i also think that hydar didn't do anything wrong
statement -- in fact i think that hydar is everything right
question -- thoughts on hydar?
statement -- i have a lot of thoughts on hydar.
question -- you are on hydar but not in the hydar board how does that make you feel?
statement -- i feel nothing. I am nothing.